IBX-8674: Improve product completeness and attribute definitions (#2617)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/pim/pim_guide.md

Each product has its own, specific attributes. You can describe a product in technical terms, define its physical characteristics such as size, color, or shape, or functional characteristics (for example, for a laptop it could be the operating system, amount of memory, or available ports).

Product attributes can belong to one of existing types (for example, numbers, selection, or checkout), but you can also [add custom attribute types](create_custom_attribute_type.md).
Attributes are used as criteria for filtering and searching for products.
You can also configure selected product attributes to be used as a basis for variants.

![Product attributes](img/product_attributes.png)

> For more information, see [Product attributes](../pim/products.md#product-attributes) and [Work with product attributes](https://doc.ibexa.co/projects/userguide/en/latest/pim/work_with_product_attributes/)

Reviewer: Autolink should be usable here.
Variable for user doc as well.
```suggestion
For more information, see [Product attributes](products.md#product-attributes) and [Work with product attributes]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/work_with_product_attributes/)
```

When you create or edit a product, under the product name, you can see visual indication of what part of product information (tasks) you have completed, and what part is still missing.

> Product completeness does not impact product availability or visibility on the storefront.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the following be suggested by `vale`?
```suggestion
Product completeness doesn't impact product availability or visibility on the storefront.
```

It is intended to help you ensure that product data is properly populated.

> As long as your product meets [basic requirements](../pim/enable_purchasing_products.md), it can be published and made available for purchase regardless of its completeness score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as your product meets [basic requirements](enable_purchasing_products.md), it can be published and made available for purchase regardless of its completeness score.
```
